ADP Lifion is hiring a Data Scientist.


Does the thought of working with one of the most comprehensive employment data sets in the US excite you?
Are you inspired by transformation and making an impact on the lives of millions of people every day?
Well, this may be the role for you. Ready to design what's next?

In this role, you'll  acquire, clean, and analyze large data sets  and do  exploratory analysis  to understand our data and if it meets project requirements. It's more than digits and dials - you're making huge decisions that impact millions of customers.

Every day you'll work with multiple stakeholders to identify, design, develop and implement advanced analytics projects that track the  consumer conversion  funnel from start to end. You'll work with your team to provide, interpret, and predict necessary metrics for decision-making. You'll  code  with machine learning tools like  Python ,  R , and  Scala  to synthesize millions of data sets into  patterns that answer ad hoc requests .

To thrive in this career, you should know how to identify errors and reactively fix them. You'll need to have some formal education in  quantitative analytics  and know design patterns and data structures. You have the skills to leverage existing models or create new models using the technologies above. But given the scale of our data sets and the complex problems we give you to solve, you will stay challenged and engaged with years of exciting projects ahead—all while growing your skills and progressing in a rewarding career.

Like what you see? Apply now!

Learn more about ADP at tech.adp.com/careers


A little about ADP: We are a global leader in HR technology, offering the latest AI and machine learning-enhanced payroll, tax, HR, benefits, and much more. We believe our people make all the difference in cultivating an inclusive, down-to-earth culture that welcomes ideas, encourages innovation, and values belonging. ADP has a deep commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion as a global Best Places to Work, DiversityInc® Top 50 Company, Best CEO and company for women, LGBTQ+, multicultural talent, and more. Learn more about ADP's commitment on our YouTube channel: http://adp.careers/DEI_Videos


WHAT YOU'LL DO:

Here's what you can expect on a typical day:

 Advanced Analytics & Predictive Modeling . You bring prior experience in  design, building, and training highly scalable custom models  and  evaluating model performance .

Adapt the latest best practice  machine learning  methods to apply to our use cases and to best exploit modern parallel environments (e.g.  distributed clusters  and  GPU )
Own and  Manage Projects . You will identify, design, develop, and implement advanced analytical projects.
Limitless Possibilities. You will continue learning and discovering new ways to leverage ADP data to create new products and services and find more insights. You are passionate about learning and applying new techniques within data science that leads to innovations.
 Collaboration  and  Communication . You'll be part of a  collaborative  team, listening to needs, then finding and sharing solutions. You're comfortable and skilled at  presenting to both peers and leadership  on your projects and findings.
You have  2-5 years of experience  in relevant skills gained and developed in the same or similar role.

TO SUCCEED IN THIS ROLE:

A  Master’s degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field 
2+ years of research or hands-on work experience in  machine learning ,  NLP ,  recommendation systems ,  pattern recognition ,  signal processing ,  data mining ,  artificial intelligence ,  information retrieval  or  computer vision 
Successfully delivered machine learning models to production using  cloud-native tools  e.g.(  AWS ,  Kubernetes ,  Containers , etc)
Experience in systems software and/or  algorithms 
Knowledge of a  deep learning framework  such as  TensorFlow ,  PyTorch ,  CNTK  or  MXNet 
Fluent in Python including with packages such as  Pandas ,  NumPy , and  scikit-learn ,  XGBoost 
Experience with  BERT / Transformers  is a plus
Proficient in  SQL 
 distributed computing tools  such as  Hadoop ,  Hive , or  Spark 