Full Job Description
Programming experience with at least one software programming language.
 1+ years of experience  in software development

Job summary Amazon Advertising operates at the intersection of  eCommerce  and  advertising , offering a rich array of digital display advertising solutions with the goal of helping our customers find and discover anything they want to buy. We help advertisers reach Amazon customers on Amazon.com, across our other owned and operated sites, on other high quality sites across the web, and on millions of Kindles, tablets, and mobile devices. We start with the customer and work backwards in everything we do, including advertising. If you’re interested in joining a rapidly growing team working to build a unique, world-class advertising group with a relentless focus on the customer, you’ve come to the right place.
 Performance Advertising’s vision is to enable advertisers of all sizes with self-service products to build their brand and business at Amazon delivering sophisticated automation for novices and powerful controls for expert users. We are focused on continuous exploration of contexts and creative formats where advertising delivers value to customers and advertisers. Our products are auction based, cost-per-click, and drive traffic within the Amazon shopping experience addressing lower and mid-funnel marketing goals. We deliver billions of ad impressions and millions of clicks daily and are breaking fresh ground to create world-class, highly performant advertising products. We are  highly motivated ,  collaborative  and  fun-loving  with an  entrepreneurial spirit  and bias for action. With a broad mandate to experiment and innovate, we are growing fast with a seemingly endless range of new opportunities. Our systems and algorithms operate on one of the world's largest product catalogs, matching shoppers with advertised products with a high relevance bar and strict latency constraints. We work hand-in-hand with Machine Learning scientists to come up with novel solutions that deliver highly relevant ads. We consistently strive to improve the customer search and detail page experiences. You will drive appropriate technology choices for the business, lead the way for continuous innovation, and shape the future of  e-commerce . This position is open to Palo Alto, Seattle, NYC and Arlington, VA. Key job responsibilities * Contribute to the technical direction of our offerings and solutions * Work with many different technologies across the sponsored products organization * Design, code, troubleshoot, and support scalable  machine-learning pipelines  and  online serving systems  * Work closely with applied scientists to  optimize the performance  of  machine-learning models and infrastructure , and implement end-to-end solutions
* Experience in building  large-scale machine-learning infrastructure  for online  recommendation , ads ranking, personalization, or search, etc * Experience with  Big Data  technologies such as  AWS ,  Hadoop ,  Spark ,  Pig ,  Hive ,  Lucene / SOLR  or  Storm / Samza  * Strong proficiency with Java, Python, Scala or C++ * Coursework or thesis in  machine learning ,  data mining ,  information retrieval ,  statistics  or  natural language processing  * Advanced knowledge of  performance ,  scalability ,  enterprise system architecture , and  engineering best practices  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Workers in New York City who perform in-person work or interact with the public in the course of business must show proof they have been fully vaccinated against COVID or request and receive approval for a reasonable accommodation, including medical or religious accommodation.
