Towers Crescent (12066), United States of America, Vienna, VirginiaPrincipal Associate, Ontology and Data Modeling

The role of the Principal Associate of Ontology and Data Modeling is to develop, implement, and maintain enterprise ontologies in support of Capital One's Data Strategy.

The Principal Associate of Ontology and Data Modeling, as part of Enterprise Products and Platforms, will be responsible for working collaboratively across Capital One Lines of Business and Functions to develop domain ontologies in support of enterprise initiatives. The Principal Associate of Ontology and Data Modeling will be responsible for partnering with Technology, Machine Learning, and other Capital One teams to support the development and integration of semantic technology into Capital One products and services.

The Principal Associate of Ontology and Data Modeling should be capable of supporting an emerging and evolving semantic program at Capital One, capable of clearly communicating and advocating the value of using semantic technology and knowledge organization concepts.

Primary Responsibilities
Develop, implement and govern ontologies and optimized data models in consultation with stakeholders in teams dedicated to improving data discoverability, search, and product development
Contribute to data integration and mapping efforts to harmonize data with Capital One's upper and domain ontologies
Communicate and advocate the value of Capital One's efforts in ontologies, semantics, and standardization across the business.
Partner with Technology, Machine Learning, and other Capital One teams to support the development and integration of semantics in Capital One products and services
Analyze and implement knowledge organization strategies using tools capable of machine learning, ontology management, and semantic enrichment
Maintain awareness of competitor and industry developments related to ontology use, knowledge organization, data modeling, and machine learning
Understand and adhere to W3C standards related to ontologies, in particular RDF, RDFS, OWL, SKOS, and SHACL
Develop standards, guidelines, and direction for ontology, data modeling, semantics and Data Standardization in general at Capital One
Test/troubleshoot new or updated models and systems
Manage and oversee other projects as assigned by Product Owners and Supervisors

Role-Based Competencies
Intellectually Curious. You ask why, you explore, you're not afraid to blurt out your crazy idea or follow an email chain for weeks to find someone with an answer. Comfortable with ambiguity, a hunger to learn and a seeker of new challenges
Communicator & Influencer. You can communicate complex ideas clearly regardless of your audience. Our team knows their priorities and why they’re doing what they’re doing. You always can rally associates to work with you
Do-er. You’re biased toward action, you try things and sometimes you fail. You can get around roadblocks and stay focused on your goals. You’re well organized, able to multitask and able to prioritize your work
Passionate & Customer Focus. You care about growing others and bringing them together around what’s possible. You get a thrill from the journey of building and shipping products, and you have a desire and ability to connect with our external or internal customers to fully understand their needs
Learner. You have an appetite to learn new things or new technologies all while exhibiting humbleness when the time comes to ask for help
Team Player. You enjoy working with diverse people and driving the team toward a common goal. You have the ability to put the team before yourself and establish long-lasting relationships

Basic Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in information science, computer science, engineering, library science, ontology, semantics or computational linguistics
At least 3 years’ experience in a metadata field of work or a masters’ degree in information science, computer science, engineering, library science, ontology, semantics or computational linguistics
At least 3 years’ experience or training in using W3C standards including linked and canonical data and ontologies ( JSON, XML, RDF, RDFS, OWL, and SKOS)
At least 3 years’ experience or training in ontology and linked data tools (Protégé, TopQuadrant, PoolParty, Stardog, AnzoGraph, Neptune, or Data.World)
At least 3 years’ experience or training with SQL or SPARQL

Preferred Qualifications
Master’s degree in information science, computer science, engineering, library science, ontology, semantics or computational linguistics
Understanding of the development of ontologies and the use of controlled vocabularies and thesauri in enhancing the discovery of management of enterprise data
Familiarity with graph databases and technologies
Familiarity with Python or R
Familiarity with JSON, OpenAPI/YAML, AVRO
Familiarity with Agile principles, processes, and methodologies
Familiarity with Amazon Web Services
Detail-oriented and an ability to problem-solve independently
Strong reading and writing skills
Strong project management experience
Excellent communication skills and the ability to present ideas clearly and with confidence.
Ability to work individually and with a team to meet deadlines

At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.

No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.

If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com . All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com

Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.

Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).