Principal Machine Learning Data Scientist
Atlassian can hire people in any country where we have a legal entity, assuming candidates have eligible working rights and a
sufficient timezone overlap with their team (For this role, that will mean the Amsterdam office). As our offices re-open, Atlassians
can choose to work remotely or return to an office, unless it’s necessary for the role to be performed in the office. Interviews and
onboarding are conducted virtually, a part of being a distributed-first company.
Are you a Data Science practitioner with a deep toolset who thrives on helping business partners scope business problems and deliver
analytic solutions? Do you relish the opportunity to dive headfirst into vast, high-impact projects and make foundational contributions to
analytic ecosystem and drive optimization across the business If so, this role is for you!
As a Principal Data Scientist on our Customer Support Services team, you will partner closely with key business domains, focusing on
some of the most exciting challenges Atlassian faces.
Some examples of what you'll be doing:
Work with a cross functional team to drive improvement and efficiency in a rapidly scaling and dynamic customer support environment,
bringing analytic capabilities and insights to bear
Build operationally impacting machine learning solution including automation, predictive models, segmentation, anomaly detection, and
optimization tools
Work with large amount of text and customer engagement data to help build scalable analytic solutions
Work with Software Engineering teams to build ML micro-services to integrate analytic solutions into business processes
Forecast key business outcomes using different predictive capabilities and help drive better decision making
Drive maturity in ML adoption and usage in an operational business
Measure the business impact of key ML and AI application on key business outcomes.
Develop strong collaborative partnerships with business and operations leaders
Some skills and tools you'll use are:
DS: NLP, Classification, Anomaly Detection, Econometrics
MLE: API Integration ,Feature Engineering, Model Lifecycle Management
Analytics: Statistics, data distributions, summary/aggregation methods, operational metric development, ongoing OKR measurement
Tools: Python, SQL, Tableau, Excel, etc.
Collaboration: Confluence, Jira
More about you
You've been working in Machine Learning/ Data Science for 8+ years and have a BS degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics,
Computer Science or other quantitative field.
Strong technical skills including best practices for operational Machine Learning Development and Serving
Strong track record of delivering business value through data science, an ability to articulate and measure impact, and ability to right
size solutions.
Familiarity with Data Engineering and Software Engineering best practices
You have experience in building business impacting Machine Learning Models and experience using data to drive efficiency in a
business operations
You have a track record of successfully driving analytic initiatives, engaging with non-techncial partners, and leading projects to impact
You have strong communication skills (non-technical) and core tech skills.

To keep pace with our rapid growth you enjoy and are capable of learning new things quickly. You can take an ambiguous assignment
and move rapidly to deliver iterative value. You use multiple tools and methods to find trends and correlations by mining data, and
couple that with intuition and light-weight tests to prioritize how to drive forward on complicated problems.
You are someone who actively likes to mentor / grow less experienced analysts.
You have strong business acumen, love driving strategy, making big changes, and influencing others. You have a history of driving
measurable impact in close collaboration with operational colleagues.
You combine curiosity with critical thinking and good judgment, and like asking "why" to unravel a seemingly complex problem and get to
the root cause.
You’re a senior ‘pillar of the team’, confident in your business acuity, analytics expertise and communication / coordination skills to push
through ambiguity and up-skill those around you.
When you encounter a problem you come up with multiple solutions, weigh the tradeoffs and efforts, identify the best path forward, and
exercise good judgment to drive ahead.
More about our team
We are a growing analytics and project delivery team located in multiple regions across the globe. We challenge each other constantly to
improve our work and ask hard questions. We're direct, focused, and demand excellence, but there's laughter in every meeting because we
thoroughly enjoy the work we do and the impact it has. We're constantly growing, learning, adapting, and trying new things. BBQ, tacos,
and coffee are a few of our favorite things.
More about our benefits
Whether you work in an office or a distributed team, Atlassian is highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer
some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year for your favourite cause,
an annual allowance to support your learning & growth, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years and lots more.
More about Atlassian
Creating software that empowers everyone from small startups to the who’s who of tech is why we’re here. We build tools like Jira,
Confluence, Bitbucket, and Trello to help teams across the world become more nimble, creative, and aligned—collaboration is the heart of
every product we dream of at Atlassian. From Amsterdam and Austin, to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who want to
write the future and who believe that we can accomplish so much more together than apart. At Atlassian, we’re committed to an
environment where everyone has the autonomy and freedom to thrive, as well as the support of like-minded colleagues who are motivated
by a common goal to: Unleash the potential of every team.
Additional Information
We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue
to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity
or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
If your experience looks a little different from what we’ve identified and you think you can rock the role, we’d love to learn more about you.
Learn more about Atlassian’s culture, interviewing flow, and hiring process by checking